Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?
    It describes using the markup elements in html to support/define what is happening
    on the page.

2. What is the box model?
    The concept that when rendering a document, the browser will represent each element
    as a box, and the CSS will determine the properties of that box.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?
    Classes can be applied to multiple elements while IDs will define one specific
    element.

4. What does the z-index do?
    It will inform the layering priority of elements on the page.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?
    It is used to reference a given context and/or current scope of a function or 
    document.

6. What is a callback?
    It is when a function's return value is itself an invokable function.

7. What is a closure?
    A function inside a parent function that can access it's parent function's variables.

8. How does prototype work?
    It represents properties and methods that a given type of object will inherit when created.

9. What is MVC?
    MVC stands for model-view-controller and is the model or pattern behind most user interfaces.

10. What is the component lifecycle?
    It refers to the compiling/rendering process of a component (IE a React component);
    initializing, getting data (props/state), populating the virtual dom, rendering to
    the actual dom, and then responding to changes.

11. What is REST?
    REST stands for representational state transfer and is a standardized method of tranferring
    stateless data between a web-client and server via HTTP.

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express
    Params, queries and designated url paths.

create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:
select * from users

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':
insert into users (id, name, email)
values (12, 'your name', 'fake@fake.com')

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':
update users
set name = 'Bobby Boy'
where id = 12

-Delete the newly updated user:
delete from users 
where id = 12
